Logging request and responses (#455)
0xSpaceShard/starknet-devnet-rs: README.md

$ docker run -e RUST_LOG=<LEVEL> shardlabs/starknet-devnet-rs
```

By default, logging of request and response data is turned off.

> To see the request or/and response body, additional level have to be provided via `RUST_LOG` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the request and/or response body, an additional level has to be provided via the `RUST_LOG` environment variable.
```

Author: [ab5e11d](https://github.com/0xSpaceShard/starknet-devnet-rs/pull/455/commits/ab5e11d659d7125a1927d0dfb2d2ed7838ab1512)

To log the request body use `REQUEST`, to log the response body use `RESPONSE`.

NOTE! that logging request and response requires at least logging level `INFO`.

Example:

```

> $ RUST_LOG="REQUEST, RESPONSE" starknet-devnet

Reviewer: Was this comma-separation supported so far? Which part of the code provides this functionality? I don't see any explicit splitting

Author: its supported by tracing_subscriber library

```

```

> $ RUST_LOG="REQUEST, RESPONSE, INFO" starknet-devnet

Reviewer: I'm getting the following when starting like that:
```
$ RUST_LOG="REQUEST, RESPONSE, INFO" cargo run --release
    Finished release [optimized] target(s) in 0.26s
     Running `target/release/starknet-devnet`
ignoring ` `: invalid filter directive
ignoring ` info`: invalid filter directive
Predeployed FeeToken
ETH Address: 0x49D36570D4E46F48E99674BD3FCC84644DDD6B96F7C741B1562B82F9E004DC7
...
2024-05-03T07:47:12.628819Z  INFO starknet_devnet: Starknet Devnet listening on 127.0.0.1:5050
...
```

Author: fixed in [2042e86](https://github.com/0xSpaceShard/starknet-devnet-rs/pull/455/commits/2042e86f9b8207bfec829d94775b4eccd0e5d45d)

> ```

Reviewer: What does this mean? That the two commands are the same? If so, that could be stated just before the example lines.

Author: [ab5e11d](https://github.com/0xSpaceShard/starknet-devnet-rs/pull/455/commits/ab5e11d659d7125a1927d0dfb2d2ed7838ab1512)

> ```

Reviewer: Is it expected that there are no errors if providing an invalid rust_log value?

Author: we are using `parse_lossy` method, which gives warnings and ignores the invalid ones. But the new levels are being removed from the env_var string when the EnvFilter is being constructed
